feat(guide): Downloaders - Add SABnzb cleanup list to prevent unwanted extensions (#2089)
TRaSH-Guides/Guides: docs/Downloaders/SABnzbd/Basic-Setup.md

1. Best to leave this disabled and let the Starr apps handle this since it looks at runtime and makes a much more intelligent decision if it's a sample compared to what SABnzbd uses.
1. Helps with de-obfuscation, especially invalid file extensions

#### Prevent unwanted extensions

!!! info "The Starr apps focus solely on media files and typically ignore all those extensions."

Add these extensions to your `Cleanup List` (primarily for Windows users) as they could potentially be abused or exploited.

```none
ade, adp, app, application, appref-ms, asp, aspx, asx, bas, bat, bgi, cab, cer, chm, cmd, cnt, com, cpl, crt, csh, der, diagcab, exe, fxp, gadget, grp, hlp, hpj, hta, htc, inf, ins, iso, isp, its, jar, jnlp, js, jse, ksh, lnk, mad, maf, mag, mam, maq, mar, mas, mat, mau, mav, maw, mcf, mda, mdb, mde, mdt, mdw, mdz, msc, msh, msh1, msh2, mshxml, msh1xml, msh2xml, msi, msp, mst, msu, ops, osd, pcd, pif, pl, plg, prf, prg, printerexport, ps1, ps1xml, ps2, ps2xml, psc1, psc2, psd1, psdm1, pst, py, pyc, pyo, pyw, pyz, pyzw, reg, scf, scr, sct, shb, shs, theme, tmp, url, vb, vbe, vbp, vbs, vhd, vhdx, vsmacros, vsw, webpnp, website, ws, wsc, wsf, wsh, xbap, xll, xnk
```

> !!! note "If you are using SABnzbd to also grab games/apps, then that list shouldn't be used. You can always just have a category for stuff like this that is set to download only, and I just deal with the extraction yourself. Or use a separate app or instance for them."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note "If you are using SABnzbd to download games and apps, this list shouldn't be used. You can either create a separate category for them, set it to download only, and manually extract the files, or use a separate app or instance for them."
```

ade, adp, app, application, appref-ms, asp, aspx, asx, bas, bat, bgi, cab, cer, chm, cmd, cnt, com, cpl, crt, csh, der, diagcab, exe, fxp, gadget, grp, hlp, hpj, hta, htc, inf, ins, iso, isp, its, jar, jnlp, js, jse, ksh, lnk, mad, maf, mag, mam, maq, mar, mas, mat, mau, mav, maw, mcf, mda, mdb, mde, mdt, mdw, mdz, msc, msh, msh1, msh2, mshxml, msh1xml, msh2xml, msi, msp, mst, msu, ops, osd, pcd, pif, pl, plg, prf, prg, printerexport, ps1, ps1xml, ps2, ps2xml, psc1, psc2, psd1, psdm1, pst, py, pyc, pyo, pyw, pyz, pyzw, reg, scf, scr, sct, shb, shs, theme, tmp, url, vb, vbe, vbp, vbs, vhd, vhdx, vsmacros, vsw, webpnp, website, ws, wsc, wsf, wsh, xbap, xll, xnk
```

> !!! note "If you are using SABnzbd to download games and apps, this list shouldn't be used. You can either create a separate category for them, set it to download only, and manually extract the files, or use a separate app or instance for them."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note "If you are using SABnzbd to download games and apps, this list shouldn't be used. You can either create a separate category, set it to download only, and manually extract the files, or use a separate app or instance for them."
```
